capital = 586 #Alma-Ata

set_war_support = 0.2
set_stability = 0.50
set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1

	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank_chassis = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	TRK_severe_soviet_colonization
}

set_party_name = {
	ideology = fascism
	long_name = TRK_fascist_party
	name = TRK_fascist_party
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 60
	communism = 40
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
    #Sabit Mukanov writer, popular figurehead
	#Baymirza Hayit Mahmutmirzaoğlov fascist Uzbekistan
	#Veli Kayyum Han?? Uzbekistan fascist

recruit_character = KAZ_nikolay_aleksandrovich
recruit_character = KAZ_ilyas_zhansugurov
recruit_character = KAZ_elizaveta_alikhanovna
recruit_character = KAZ_mustafa_shokay
recruit_character = KAZ_kazhymukan_munaitpasov
recruit_character = KAZ_raimzhan_marsekov
recruit_character = KAZ_bazarbai_mametov
recruit_character = KAZ_alimkhan_ermekov
recruit_character = KAZ_ibrahim_dzhainakov
recruit_character = KAZ_alpyspi_kalmenev
recruit_character = KAZ_aliaskar_alibekov
recruit_character = KAZ_saken_seifullin
recruit_character = KAZ_alibi_dzhangildin
recruit_character = KAZ_turar_ryskulov
recruit_character = KAZ_temirbek_zhurgenov
recruit_character = KAZ_maksut_zhylysbayev
recruit_character = KAZ_mukhtar_auezov
recruit_character = KAZ_khalel_dosmukhamedov
recruit_character = KAZ_telzhan_shonanov
recruit_character = KAZ_isa_kashkinbayev
recruit_character = KAZ_tel_zhamanmurynov
recruit_character = KAZ_nygmet_nurmakov
recruit_character = KAZ_kudaibergen_zhubanov
recruit_character = KAZ_akhmet_baitursynov
recruit_character = KAZ_eldes_omarov
recruit_character = KAZ_aidarkhan_turlybayev
recruit_character = KAZ_tolesin_aliyev
recruit_character = KAZ_sabit_mukanov
recruit_character = KAZ_musin_nurkhan
recruit_character = KAZ_ramazan_kurmangaliyev
recruit_character = KAZ_shamil_karatayev
recruit_character = KAZ_shakir_zheksenbaev
recruit_character = KAZ_gusman_azerbaev
recruit_character = KAZ_bakhtyuras_besikbayev
recruit_character = KAZ_sergey_lugansky
recruit_character = KAZ_khiuaz_dospanova
recruit_character = KAZ_ivan_pavlov
recruit_character = KAZ_talgat_bigeldinov
recruit_character = KAZ_bauyrzhan_momyshuly
